INSTALL.md, before:

## Deploy using Helm and K8s
If you have a running Kubernetes cluster available, you can deploy the Registry using our Helm Chart, which is located under `charts/registry`.
In case you don't have a running cluster, you can set up one by yourself locally, using [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/).
In the following, we will use a minikube cluster for reference.

Before deploying the Registry, enable a few add-ons in your minikube cluster by running the following commands:

`minikube addons enable storage-provisioner`

`minikube addons enable default-storageclass`

`minikube addons enable ingress`

Fetch all dependencies by running `helm dep up charts/registry`.

In order to deploy the helm chart, first create a new namespace "semantics": `kubectl create namespace semantics`.

Then run `helm install registry -n semantics charts/registry`. This will set up a new helm deployment in the semantics namespace. By default, the deployment contains the Registry instance itself, and a Fuseki Triplestore.

Check that the two containers are running by calling `kubectl get pod -n semantics`.

To access the Registry API from the host, you need to configure the `Ingress` resource.
By default, the Registry includes an `Ingress` that exposes the API on https://minikube/semantics/registry

For that to work, you need to append `/etc/hosts` by running `echo "$(minikube ip) minikube" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts`.

For automated certificate generation, use and configure [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/).
By default, authentication is activated, please adjust `registry.authentication` if needed

## Parameters
The Helm Chart can be configured using the following parameters (incomplete list). For a full overview, please see the [values.yaml](./backend/deployment/registry/values.yaml).

### Registry
| Parameter       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Default value                               |
| ---             |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| `registry.image`     | The image of the Registry                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `registry:latest`                           |
| `registry.host`     | This value is used by the `Ingress` object (if enabled) to route traffic.                                                                                                                                                                | `minikube`                                  |
| `registry.authentication`    | Enables OAuth2 based authentication/authorization.                                                                                                                                                                                       | `true`                                      |
| `registry.idpIssuerUri`    | The issuer URI of the OAuth2 identity provider.                                                                                                                                                                                          | `http://localhost:8080/auth/realms/catenax` |
| `registry.dataSource.driverClassName`    | The driver class name for the database connection.                                                                                                                                                                                       | `org.postgresql.Driver`                     |
| `registry.dataSource.url`    | The url of the relational database (ignored if `enablePostgres` is set to `true`)                                                                                                                                                        | `jdbc:postgresql://database:5432`           |
| `registry.dataSource.user` (ignored if `enablePostgres` is set to `true`) | The database user                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `user`                                      |
| `registry.dataSource.password` (ignored if `enablePostgres` is set to `true`)  | The database password                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `org.postgresql.Driver`                     |
| `registry.ingress.enabled`    | Configures if an `Ingress` resource is created.                                                                                                                                                                                          | `true`                                      |
| `registry.ingress.tls`    | Configures whether the `Ingress` should include TLS configuration. In that case, a separate `Secret` (as defined by `registry.ingress.tlsSecretName`) needs to be provided manually or by using [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) | `true`                                      |
| `registry.ingress.tlsSecretName`    | The `Secret` name that contains a `tls.crt` and `tls.key` entry. Subject Alternative Name must match the `registry.host`                                                                                                                 | `registry-certificate-secret`               |
| `registry.ingress.urlPrefix`    | The url prefix that is used by the `Ingress` resource to route traffic                                                                                                                                                                   | `/semantics/registry`                       |
| `registry.ingress.className`    | The `Ingress` class name                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `nginx`                                     |
| `registry.ingress.annotations`    | Annotations to further configure the `Ingress` resource, e.g. for using with `cert-manager`.                                                                                                                                             |                                             |
| `registry.tenantId`     | TenantId which is the owner of the DTR.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                             |
| `registry.externalSubjectIdWildcardPrefix`    | WildcardPrefix to make a specificAssetId visible for everyone.                                                                                                                                                                           | `PUBLIC_READABLE`                           |
| `registry.externalSubjectIdWildcardAllowedTypes`    | List of allowed types that can be made visible to everyone.                                                                                                                                                                              | `manufacturerPartId,assetLifecyclePhase`    |

### PostgreSQL
| Parameter       | Description | Default value       |
| ---             | ---         | ---                 |
| `postgresql.primary.persistence.size`     | Size of the `PersistentVolume` that persists the data  | `50Gi` |
| `postgresql.auth.username`     | Username that is used to authenticate at the database | `catenax` |
| `postgresql.auth.password`     | Password for authentication at the database  | `TFLIykCd4rUvSjbs` |
| `postgresql.auth.database`     | Database name  | `registry` |

### Prerequisites
- Kubernetes 1.19+
- Helm 3.2.0+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

Commit message:

Rebase and added all changes for Cognito support

INSTALL.md, after:

## Deploy using Helm and K8s
If you have a running Kubernetes cluster available, you can deploy the Registry using our Helm Chart, which is located under `charts/registry`.
In case you don't have a running cluster, you can set up one by yourself locally, using [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/).
In the following, we will use a minikube cluster for reference.

Before deploying the Registry, enable a few add-ons in your minikube cluster by running the following commands:

`minikube addons enable storage-provisioner`

`minikube addons enable default-storageclass`

`minikube addons enable ingress`

Fetch all dependencies by running `helm dep up charts/registry`.

In order to deploy the helm chart, first create a new namespace "semantics": `kubectl create namespace semantics`.

Then run `helm install registry -n semantics charts/registry`. This will set up a new helm deployment in the semantics namespace. By default, the deployment contains the Registry instance itself, and a Fuseki Triplestore.

Check that the two containers are running by calling `kubectl get pod -n semantics`.

To access the Registry API from the host, you need to configure the `Ingress` resource.
By default, the Registry includes an `Ingress` that exposes the API on https://minikube/semantics/registry

For that to work, you need to append `/etc/hosts` by running `echo "$(minikube ip) minikube" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts`.

For automated certificate generation, use and configure [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/).
By default, authentication is activated, please adjust `registry.authentication` if needed

## Parameters
The Helm Chart can be configured using the following parameters (incomplete list). For a full overview, please see the [values.yaml](./backend/deployment/registry/values.yaml).

### Registry
| Parameter       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Default value                               |
| ---             |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| `registry.image`     | The image of the Registry                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `registry:latest`                           |
| `registry.host`     | This value is used by the `Ingress` object (if enabled) to route traffic.                                                                                                                                                                | `minikube`                                  |
| `registry.authentication`    | Enables OAuth2 based authentication/authorization.                                                                                                                                                                                       | `true`                                      |
| `registry.idpIssuerUri`    | The issuer URI of the OAuth2 identity provider.                                                                                                                                                                                          | `http://localhost:8080/auth/realms/catenax` |
| `registry.dataSource.driverClassName`    | The driver class name for the database connection.                                                                                                                                                                                       | `org.postgresql.Driver`                     |
| `registry.dataSource.url`    | The url of the relational database (ignored if `enablePostgres` is set to `true`)                                                                                                                                                        | `jdbc:postgresql://database:5432`           |
| `registry.dataSource.user` (ignored if `enablePostgres` is set to `true`) | The database user                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `user`                                      |
| `registry.dataSource.password` (ignored if `enablePostgres` is set to `true`)  | The database password                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `org.postgresql.Driver`                     |
| `registry.ingress.enabled`    | Configures if an `Ingress` resource is created.                                                                                                                                                                                          | `true`                                      |
| `registry.ingress.tls`    | Configures whether the `Ingress` should include TLS configuration. In that case, a separate `Secret` (as defined by `registry.ingress.tlsSecretName`) needs to be provided manually or by using [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) | `true`                                      |
| `registry.ingress.tlsSecretName`    | The `Secret` name that contains a `tls.crt` and `tls.key` entry. Subject Alternative Name must match the `registry.host`                                                                                                                 | `registry-certificate-secret`               |
| `registry.ingress.urlPrefix`    | The url prefix that is used by the `Ingress` resource to route traffic                                                                                                                                                                   | `/semantics/registry`                       |
| `registry.ingress.className`    | The `Ingress` class name                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `nginx`                                     |
| `registry.ingress.annotations`    | Annotations to further configure the `Ingress` resource, e.g. for using with `cert-manager`.                                                                                                                                             |                                             |
| `registry.tenantId`     | TenantId which is the owner of the DTR.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                             |
| `registry.identityProvider`     | Identity provider for the DTR. Possible values are `keycloak` or `cognito`.                                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                             |
| `registry.idpInternalClientId`     | The client id for the app client in Cognito that as full access to the DTR.                                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                             |
| `registry.externalSubjectIdWildcardPrefix`    | WildcardPrefix to make a specificAssetId visible for everyone.                                                                                                                                                                           | `PUBLIC_READABLE`                           |
| `registry.externalSubjectIdWildcardAllowedTypes`    | List of allowed types that can be made visible to everyone.                                                                                                                                                                              | `manufacturerPartId,assetLifecyclePhase`    |

### PostgreSQL
| Parameter       | Description | Default value       |
| ---             | ---         | ---                 |
| `postgresql.primary.persistence.size`     | Size of the `PersistentVolume` that persists the data  | `50Gi` |
| `postgresql.auth.username`     | Username that is used to authenticate at the database | `catenax` |
| `postgresql.auth.password`     | Password for authentication at the database  | `TFLIykCd4rUvSjbs` |
| `postgresql.auth.database`     | Database name  | `registry` |

### Prerequisites
- Kubernetes 1.19+
- Helm 3.2.0+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure
